---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week Archive
permalink: /media/song-archive
---

## 20/04/25

To quote someone's dad:

> RISE  
  RISE  
  Where's your anger?  
  Where's your fucking rage?  

If you haven't got it already I'm going to choose some songs that feel angry and feisty. This was precipitated by the fucking terrible day I had earlier in the week, mostly because of the terrible terrible media coverage of the supreme courts ruling, but also because my bank fucking sucks (go figure). Before we jump into some tracks, I'll outline what I look for in these types of song, mainly this is:
- Heavy drums
- Growling and loud guitar
- Screaming/Loud shouting lyrics (extra points for having lyrics I can *really* get behind)
- Distortion

I've introduced them before, but because this song felt extremely relevant to the current moment I have chosen Lambrini Girls' [Terf Wars](https://open.spotify.com/track/7aNvsOmhlc4V07PdT4YgtN?si=34991ad5697248cc) as my song of the week. When I went to a concert of theirs a couple weeks ago, I really couldn't have felt more at home. The room was full of trans people and alternative looking people. The main singer, Phoebe, really knew how to work the crowd and made sure people felt safe and included. I think the chants she did felt extremely cathartic and it really felt like a proper community. It was one of the first times I haven't felt so helpless about the state of the world in a long time.

Supporting Lambrini Girls at the concert was Alien Chicks, a band I had thoroughly enjoyed before seeing them live, but one I was very happy to see perform. I have chosen their song [Candlestick Maker](https://open.spotify.com/track/2a4u1DkUlDNRnkWBVQoeer?si=79161c7b32cd4d78) in particular because I love the scream/shout they include. It feels very satisfying to catch it in time and the instrumentation throughout the song feels heavy in the right way. The voice on the edge of screaming, the mish mash of instruments in kinda the best way and the best of it all cowbell (the holy grail in post punk bands imo).

The third band I want to focus on is Coach Party, with two of their songs [Micro Aggression](https://open.spotify.com/track/0AoVDlD4Da25HVGUpM0liK?si=74e312acccc14639) and [Parasite](https://open.spotify.com/track/4EDSWFoLE7TgCrl0Eol9dV?si=5b9c75272a5644e3). For Parasite, there is not much more to say than it fits all my required categories. It is unfortunately not too long, but I can forgive them because it really is just a scream filled song. In terms of Micro Aggression, it's just a classic indie rock kinda feel, with some added screams/shouts for fun, with a message I can (obviously) get behind - great! 

Less of a song recommendation, more of a whole fuck off album. The debut album by Model/Actriz, [Dogsbody](https://open.spotify.com/album/1DWLFwBZxTSBWw7G9uhpok?si=06PXTio5Qkuv6Rwmr5M10Q), has become my go to "put me in the mines" album. I turn my headphones right up, blast the songs out and can't have any other thoughts but work (maybe not the healthiest thing, but I do at least enjoy the music). It may not directly fit into the rage theme, but if I was already angry I could really channel it through this (~~probably to send like a slightly angry email~~).

Here's to hoping next week is more of a positive note - though I am still looking to channel my rage at the right people do not worry. See you next week!

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/7aNvsOmhlc4V07PdT4YgtN?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 13/04/25

This week has been a bit strange, losing the structure of lectures and travelling around has made it feel like a mish mash of time. So getting to today and realising I had to pick a song of the week was a little bit of a jumpscare. Therefore just like this week has felt, I've put together a mish mash of random songs (most of these have come to me just today).

Earlier in the week I went to see Black Country, New Road live. They've been a band that I've been interested in for a long time, initially for their darker post punk noise with lead singer Isaac Wood and now for their much more optimistic sound without him. I think the vibe has very much stayed the same, but with the more open playing field they can experiment with their wide range of instruments (I mean a *wide* range - they have drums, piano, saxophone, guitar, bass, flute and recorder to name a few). This experimentation really pays off in their new album "Forever Howlong", which has a lot of the same feel to their Live album at Bush Hall, but has been developed into a more rounded and interesting sound. In particular I recommend [Happy Birthday](https://open.spotify.com/track/56Vk4WrIrTr3Jg7hReNZVb?si=2fb19dcee5c34b21) and [Nancy Takes the Night](https://open.spotify.com/track/3vtceW4EYrv3enjfz7MTff?si=a7471c6b80ee4915).

Now for a more random one - Geordie Greep. I don't remember exactly how he came up in conversation, but relistening to his debut album it's actually much more interesting than I originally gave it time for at release. The debut single [Holy Holy](https://open.spotify.com/track/4AiTTqrljm1r8zKr68cxPk?si=68a9e78ce83c4a32) from the album is a catchy, funky tune and the [accompanying video](https://youtu.be/A4EU_0vFzuU?si=teZ3yQUvFHuNKEre) is kinda funny - it's just Greep in a bowling alley. The most interesting sound from this is the samba vibes in some of the songs, one which is very different from previous work with black midi.

Ok this is a short one, but I wanted to share just how much I love Remi Wolf's [tiny desk](https://youtu.be/X_myO7_7KKk?si=EJ1QQJT6K8vabsYJ), especially the bossa nova cover of "Sexy Villain". I generally prefer recorded versions of songs, but the laid back soft vibe really fits Remi's songs and makes for a great tiny desk.

The last artist I want to talk about today, and the one the song of the week comes from, is Lucia and The Best Boys. Oh man gothic pop the genre you are. I originally discovered Lucia and the Best Boys through their song "Summertime". It's a nice light pop feeling song and I quite enjoyed it, but boy did I not know what I was in for. Some of Lucia and the Best Boys highlights include [Blueheart](https://open.spotify.com/track/2tYefVtZYM82eB4pdFtxmR?si=51337cda1c584c90) and [When You Dress Up](https://open.spotify.com/track/1dy0yjSUuYOqirPLWm2sXy?si=e1e9432f5c7244e2).

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/4L4RGrbgXsRzrqrAtnj7Dg?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 06/04/25

On Saturday I has a 3 hour coach journey, so I planned ahead on something fun to do. I settled on picking a theme for my song of the week and trying to make a playlist that fit to this, then choosing my favourite to become the song of the week. The theme I chose was "Long songs", one which was very heavily inspired (read: stolen) from my wonderful friend [Sof](https://deltzabar.github.io/) (see their playlist [here](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6DhX6VblGRJbne6GlyUAI5?si=ee97acb650704e28))! As an arbitrary rule, I let myself pick songs that were 8 minutes or longer (and hey who was I to judge if a few that were close enough got through).

I think the reason I never really pick a theme for these is because whenever someone asks me to pick something related to a theme, every example just conveniently decides to take that time to leave my brain. This, combined with the fact that the spotify mobile app refused to show me song lengths without me first playing them, seemed like a bit of an issue. In all reality it led to a nice session of me catching up on old songs that I forgot about, mainly that of W.H.Lung and Squid. I will not go through all the choices (because otherwise I would be writing for hours), but pick some highlights out.

- Amber Waves: I mean it's Ethel Cain what do you expect from me (perverts ftw)
- The Wrong Side of History: I really loved regressive left for their beautiful synths and dancy music. They were a really unashamedly political band and one which I really respected for it. I love the different phases of this song, which are linked well together and keep it interesting enough to justify it's length. Luckily the main singer has gone on to create a new band "The Itch", who have released one song so far; [Ursula](https://open.spotify.com/track/1M3MkQsyHneKRo2LRlBrg3?si=705eb63e207447b8) a song which I instantly fell in love with.
- Crap Art: I've really built myself a reputation of liking songs where you just get talked at and The Cool Greenhouse are really not helping me in this department. They definitely take some getting used to, at one point in time their single "Alexa" was the only song by them I found palatable. However over time I likened to their style of weird stories and tales spoken to a backing track of strange guitars and synth. This is their longest song and will definitely be a strange listen for most people, but I do recommend trying some of their more accessible songs such as [4Chan](https://open.spotify.com/track/5phlevcSVhsgout10jCQid?si=734db8ced70f459d) and [Landlords](https://open.spotify.com/track/3Ca2bHmcxlhzE3an2DBncY?si=c29593eab62c4995).
- The Cleaner: The first time I was introduced to Squid, via their song Houseplants, I found it funny that they were singing in such a strange way (perhaps a side effect of the fact that the drummer is singing). I don't know that I really enjoyed the song at the time, but I've certainly warmed well up to their post-punk sound now. The cleaner is one of their older songs and has a dance-esque vibe, the guitars are fun and light, the drums constant and interesting. I think one of the main (albeit stupid) reasons I like the song so much is because it reminds me of the Greg Davies BBC TV series 'The Cleaner', where Greg plays the role of a crime scene cleaner who gets into lots of silly mishaps.

The song of the week, comes from a small band local to me - NOT SOUP. I saw them not too long ago supporting Keg and, not knowing what to expect, I waited in anticipation for them to start. What I did not expect was a prog rock, math rock mix. Not something I usually go to see live, so I was a little nervous, but boy did they show me up. The intricate and impressive guitar and poly rhythms ran over their long and impressive songs. The lyrics were interesting and sung well with great emphasis. The song I chose was one I felt is particularly pertinent and one which is some of their best work.

See the playlist here:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/49J1iOJBGbZJ5oEVuIxNG8?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3z6KdwwqOhoKHmIJKkwj1L?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 31/03/25

The time since last week has practically flown by and so I would normally be in a panic right about now trying to select a song to share. However this week a saviour (foreshadowing) has come in the form of Youth Sector's new single. Usually I try to pick a song other than one I have just been listening to loads, particularly one that feels relevant to the time or one that I feel is really worth sharing. But this single is such a brainworm that I literally cannot stop playing it, I mean hell I walked home with the song on repeat for like 20 minutes. I've listened to it 26 times in the last 5 days, that might not sound like loads, but for someone whose top song last year was streamed 76 times in a year, that is *a lot*.

It's very much well deserved too, I have really missed Youth Sector since their last EP release basically two years ago now (there have been a couple singles in-between tbf). I first saw them at Live at Leeds in my beloved Brudenell way back in 2021. The room was unfortunately not very full, but boy did they know their place, the bass was incredible, the synth player had great moves and the main singer was a great performer. This is all before you consider their custom tailored suits, fit with yellow shirts and embroiled jackets - [just incredible](https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5bb4859977b9034f3f47cdac/5fb97da5-f1e8-4e3f-b03f-36f63668c2c0/Youth-Sector---Film-14.jpg). I then saw then again a year later also at Live at Leeds, this time in Hyde Park Book Clubs basement room - quite the underground vibe (pun intended!). This time the room did fill up and the vibe was brilliant, they had released their EP "Adult Contemporary" earlier in the year and those songs hit so hard live.

I think as a band it's very hard to fault them, even their back catalogue is great and I really enjoy their mix of both playful and politically meaningful lyrics. [A Definitive Guide to Easy Living](https://open.spotify.com/track/6ZZdTbemp6zOy5nTR04Tdb?si=3c5d233cc6c14b85) talks about anti-homeless architecture, joking that a park bench is an "apartment", or [Is Blood](https://open.spotify.com/track/0H3BbpclhUbW0r2HaXfB28?si=a8335ebe83414dae) which brings into question the ethics of things you buy and actions you make. Just recently they announced their debut album, which I very keenly looking forward to! Until then, I really do recommend you check them out (especially their new song, which I *will* be listening to again after I post this).

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/1Bw0ADrxOEWobcvCpHUrD2?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 24/03/25

Apologies all for the delayed song of the week - I literally did not sleep yesterday (see: [FLOORPLAN](https://devpost.com/software/floorplan)) so I hope you can appreciate the situation.

Earlier this week I rediscovered the youtube channel of the independent music house State 51 conspiracy. They host small bands and upload recordings of their performances, really cool stuff right? Anyway, I got to watching a lot of the recent stuff, the main highlight being [Getdown Services](https://youtu.be/6HwclLOAe5Y?si=kODPtXeOXtH5pIFi) - the remix of Dancing Queen is quite something! All this reminded me of one of the craziest recordings I had seen - that being of [Tapir!](https://youtu.be/6cNaMVvBrXA?si=cTqwmglQ3sz2Dml6), the set features not only costume theming and set design, but a whole ass set of dancers, so much effort. The first song "Act 1 (The Pilgrim)" is so playful and light one of my favourite parts is just how satisfying and carefree the whistling sounds. The song of the week comes from the album that this song belongs to "The Pilgrim, Their God and The King of My Decrepit Mountain" an interesting mish mash of many different sounds. Cello, trumpet, guitar, drums, keyboard and chorus mix together to make beautiful and truly unique songs. The song of the week plays on Erik Satie's Gymnopédies, one of my favourite classical songs, taking some of the melodies, but also fleshing it out into it's own thing entirely. It's a really interesting take on the song and I cannot recommend it enough.

Aside from this I've been enjoying Divorce's debut album "Drive to Goldenhammer", an album that I regret not mentioning in previews weeks. From "Jet Show" to "Hangman" to and finally to "Mercy", this album really does not miss. I'm so so impressed with the quality that this band puts out and really can't wait to see what they put out next. My favourite song from the album is [Old Broken String](https://open.spotify.com/track/106QxLbImPeGaatF3TecJf?si=1ac9d5f87ec840ff), when I first listened to it I was eating breakfast and idly staring out the window. The song has a slow drum beat and strings, with a beautiful duet and in this first listen just felt like it just enveloped me inside of it.

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2nG9BddUCV1MsPnmQ5U00f?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 16/03/25

This week has been a bit of a throwback in terms of music. This was mainly due to the fantastic cover of [Head Over Heels](https://open.spotify.com/track/2w7MvUzOvRXZCjFEV7tahC?si=a4afe3c1ab994831) by She's in Parties. They have put their lovely ethereal touch on the song, with synths over the original piano. I really love the touch of the lead singers voice - it feels much less talk-y than the original and the song feels overall more smooth.

This song caused me to remember a cover of [Careless Whisper](https://open.spotify.com/track/0cvW31FIK6B3mUqWLUHorv?si=0e3864cf7d784b54) by Chicago band Brigitte Calls Me Baby. The band themselves feel really nostalgic of the 80s vibes and I cannot recommend their self written songs. I originally discovered them on YouTube through a recording of one of their shows in Minneapolis and it is just incredible (see: [here](https://youtu.be/H_OC1Po62Rs?si=XU4pjvf7Y6QemMks)). The singer has such a smooth voice and one that really fits the retro theme of their music.

Before we get to the song of the week, I figured I would mention a song that I have been loving (albeit one that doesn't really fit the theme that seems to have sort of shown up). This is [Photo Day](https://open.spotify.com/track/33xc1xV00ATu5B7yU6TLm1?si=592c4c7835d640fc), the first song in Keg's debut album. This came quite a surprise to me, but it was more than welcome and I have thoroughly enjoyed all the songs on this album. I think this song stood out to me so much because of the quiet, almost solemn, trumpet which slowly builds up with guitars joining in slowly up and up until you are left with a sort of fuzzy sound. This breaks through to Keg's signature cacophony of loud trumpet, guitar and spoken word lyrics. As usual with Keg the lyrics are part of some strange story (see: Kids, Michael Phelps), but I think this song has a nice mix of their classic sound and some more optimistic, light sound, particularly with more soft trumpet mixed into the more heavy.

Recently I saw that the lead singer of Soda Blonde, Faye, sang with David Bowie's band in an orchestra type set up and one of the songs she sang was "Five Years", the smallest snippet of this reminded me of just how great and album this came from. I cannot fault a single song in the nearly 40 minutes playtime and why should I? The album is considered a classic and it really has stood the test of time. From "Starman" to "Ziggy Stardust" and "Moonage Daydream" the songs just hit every time. For this week I chose the song that reminded me of the album "Five Years". I really love the storytelling over the whole album and this song sets the scene so well. Earth has used up all of its resources and will be destroyed in five years (feels somewhat relevant eh?). It's quite a melancholy song, but it's dramatic and actually quite beautiful in of itself.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/1JIzFhI9Lt5FyslawmHCBi?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 09/03/25

This week has been a real turning point in the weather, having consistent double digit temperatures and sunny warm days has meant I've enjoyed a lot more time outside. I think the song I have chosen really captures the sort of playful and joyous feeling I'm getting from the coming of spring. Ugly are a band I discovered back in March this year, they were supporting Bleach Lab at the Hare and Hounds, a wonderfully intimate venue and one very reminiscient of my favourite Leeds venue, the Brudenell. Having never listened to them before the night, but being vaguely aware of their existence I didn't really know what to expect. A weird mish mash of country-esque tones, soft guitar and layered vocals was not what I was expecting, nevertheless it was a hugely pleasant surpise. Their EP [Twice Around the Sun](https://open.spotify.com/album/3wzMjiyIQ2zDv3suwSHxpp?si=i2MGJ_c1QImW5YQ6cvEAKw) subsequently followed my discovery of them and I was not left dissappointed. Every song on that EP is brilliant in it's own way and I really can't wait for more from this brilliant and unique band.

Earlier in the week I was looking back at other albums that released recently, mainly to look for more recommendations for my friend who had pointed out that they enjoyed a few singles I recommended. These came from Gustaf, a punky band from new york, one which I discovered through their great single [Dog](https://open.spotify.com/track/0uK8gLvvWEVVeLG95CPuh0?si=8e105422d3d643ad) which was played by Steve Lamacq on BBC 6 (I promise I'm not that old,,, yet). I love the strong drum beat (great to walk to!) and the amusing lyrics. The songs that I almost picked this week come from their second album and were [Here Hair](https://open.spotify.com/track/1lhLS5iHmYUSpKBcsqnZRD?si=267d1a3375a4479e) and [Hard Hair](https://open.spotify.com/track/6VgB77wE7o9LTyDk0AukcR?si=7da5c39704144aa7). These songs come as a pair, where the first half builds slowly with a driving guitar almost too fast for the beat. Slowly more and more instruments build up and up until it all falls away and the song finishes, you almost feel like something is missing, at which point Hard Hair jumps straight in and gives you the release you crave for the whole first section.

The other artist I was looking back at was Lambrini Girls, a two woman led punk duo who are really not afraid to talk about what they want. Honestly, I can't fault them and it's one of the reasons I love them so much. [Terf Wars](https://open.spotify.com/track/7aNvsOmhlc4V07PdT4YgtN?si=0f79a9b02b824ab1) has got to be one of my top songs from them, probably just because the problem is so personal to me and it feels great to shout about it (even if I'm not actually shouting). Their recent album [Who Let the Dogs Out](https://open.spotify.com/album/4GzF4Yg3GSkKi4hAzmjBKV?si=gVO9pnFnTOmwck3lS1sypQ) is a great culmination of many very pertinent issues in current times, including but not limited to police brutality, gentrification, body image issues and nepotism. It is this last subject that one of my favourite songs off the album [Filthy Rich Nepo Baby](https://open.spotify.com/track/0z0IR9uRtwPhfGAq4wKNlb?si=20c89064956d4b24) broaches, the short intro song "Scarcity is Fake (communist propoganda)" which is recording of Kwame Ture then leads into the heavy and growling guitars which I love so much. The lyrics are so fun to sing (more talk) along to and I really can't wait to see this song live, I can just imagine the chaos live.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5mQTjVSDJyi6yG6VynGyUo?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 02/03/25

This weeks track comes from Honeyglaze's second album [Real Deal](https://open.spotify.com/album/20QRMueqfMw1nHWOfXZGOL?si=qFAp0UNWQqW7hOxgizlbBw). This album was released last year and is one which I don't think I appreciated enough at the time of release (albeit I listened to 'Pretty Girls' a hell of a lot - it was one of my top 20 songs in 2024). The other day as I was walking to the climbing gym, listening to my [stupidly long playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/70VLAlhpQ1goYABjtaWsIU?si=4a8a67fc0c884ba3) on shuffle the song I have picked came on. It is such a great song to round off the album, as the song rounds off you are left with a sort of reminiscent and retrospective feeling.

As mentioned last week I thought that Sports Team's album "Boys these days" was going to release Friday, unfortunately Wikipedia lied to me. Instead their single "Maybe When We Are 30" was released, while this song was a contender it felt sort of cliché to name a song and choose it, unless it was particularly outstanding.

Next week I really looking forward to Divorce's debut album "Drive to Goldenhammer", I have thoroughly enjoyed the singles being released up to this point, in particular [Pill](https://open.spotify.com/track/4SqWJA9Yq8PGqhaXcLlENN?si=4fabf2c3f5e34f82). Another album coming out next week is that of HotWax, namely "Hot Shock". See you next week!

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2RTZ724K7mKoIQKjeh9bpL?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

## 23/02/25

The song of the week this week comes from a band called "Mandrake Handshake". I discovered this band about 3 years ago now (funnily enough from a [t-shirt](https://assets.bigcartel.com/product_images/299058000/WhatsApp+Image+2021-03-16+at+09.36.49.jpeg?auto=format&fit=max&h=1200&w=1200) I bought from their label at the time) and have loved their groovy, psychedelic noise ever since. They are formed of 10 (yes ten) members which is honestly crazy to me, I do not know how they fit on any stages.

Just last Friday they released their 50 minute debut album [Earth-Sized Worlds](https://open.spotify.com/album/4cLeoigCgulrTWiYszW61K?si=CVe3aRTTQ8uLr0pritXo2w), which I cannot recommend enough, and is where the track of the week comes from. Also last Friday came Sam Fender's third studio album [People Watching](https://open.spotify.com/album/6Abecbed8BYAdHy9RaVoY7?si=mHSqnUxqT8uHrOoNvxqVNg), also a great album and one which made it difficult to pick my favourite song this week. I particularly like [Nostalgia's Lie](https://open.spotify.com/track/10MJWoKUV6AthUYR323MqB?si=8711c08855b4409c), but felt that it did not best the track I have selected. See you next week, where I look forward to hearing Sports Team's new album "Boys these Days" (the single [Bang Bang Bang](https://open.spotify.com/track/6SZiBRJYG3rd3yiU4PDsxZ?si=45a24f6883fa4e73) is simply amazing), I particularly look forward to the track "Maybe When We're Thirty" which was incredibly to hear live in a hometown venue back in November.

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5svMP7Pgb5FKbybJy7tq1J?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
