---
layout: post
title:  "Offa's Dyke Path"
author: Anna Williams
date:   2025-06-16
tags: walking
categories: walking
---

As has come to be expected on my walks, the week ahead was planned to be a heatwave. Though this time I decided to plan a much more reasonable route in terms of length, so it promised to be a much easier going and relaxing walk. We had planned to walk 4 days of Offa's Dyke path, a walk which followed Offa's Dyke, an earthwork built to defend the land of Mercia from Powys. This is a little write up of how it went.

## Day 1: Knighton to Brompton Bridge (16 miles)

We started today by getting the train into Knighton, because so few trains went through this station we had could only get there for 11am. This was a pretty late start to the day, especially with 16 miles to walk, no easy feat especially with the terrain we would be walking on. The last train was a very lovely line - the heart of wales line - which slowly chugged through the countryside and made for some great views, which built up the anticipation for the days ahead. We could already feel the heat here, which was a bit foreboding but we were determined to get through today because the subsequent days should all be much easier.

Soon after our train got in we made our way to the path and started following it, we could see the hillside in front of us which made it obvious what was coming and so began our first ascent of many. The first day these were particularly bad due to both the frequency of them, but also because of getting used to the walking. It takes a while to build up the right fitness for walking and to get your pace set, so the first few involved a nice break at the top and a gentle pace. After this climb we had a nice bout of hilltop walking through open fields, with me actively on the lookout to identify more flora and fauna. One that stood out to me here was the sheer number of kites we saw, they're very interesting to watch because they float in the sky, circling slowly. We soon came down from this hilltop in a horribly steep descent and made our way onwards.

About 2pm we decided to stop for lunch right on top of the dyke. I think it's quite interesting because if you saw it out and about you would think it was part of the landscape almost. It is formed of a ditch and a bank made of the discarded earth from the ditch, with the ditch maybe a meter deep and the bank similarly tall, in modern standards it feels almost like nothing, but to think it spans almost the whole border of England and Wales and was dug around the year 784 it feels so impressive. It's not something I think you can appreciate by seeing just a section, so walking alongside and on top of it made it feel all the more impressive.

The afternoon was really a slog, many ups and downs with little to no warning meaning lots of breaks and slow walking, which pushed our arrival time later and later. With our final climb at Nut Wood, we secured the walk and just had the flat to go. This I knew would feel like an age, with the campsite so close and the day so close to end, so I set the pace a bit higher and we got moving. As predicted it felt like an age, but we got to the campsite by 7:30pm with plenty of daylight left to cook and pitch our tents. All in all it was quite a tough day, but we made it through and the knowledge of having completed the worst day already was a nice thought as we got to sleep.

## Day 2: Brompton Bridge to Buttington (14 miles)

I woke up to a nice cool day, mainly because I slept with just the inner of my tent - almost all mesh - so that I could sleep with the stars in front of me (weirdly enough I think this made me get [Starz in Their Eyes](https://open.spotify.com/track/52t33nLHGNyVaCceOLFGfV?si=2395af8fe2324ff4) stuck in my head), unfortunately the sky was a bit grey and took a while to even get dark so I couldn't see any. My tent was a little damp - probably due to condensation more than a freak tiny shower of rain so I let it dry a little before we set off around 9 am.

The day started with the dreaded bag putting on, as always the pains from the day before were instantly reignited and so we set off again. After the day before this day proved to be much easier walking, with the first stretch mostly on the flat. We spotted a few "Mines!" signs that I assumed to be a farmer who _really_ didn't want any walkers trespassing on their land, but the rest of this stretch was pretty uneventful so we did the 8 miles before the final climb in about 3 hours. We subsequently stopped for some lunch before we did the other half of the days worth of walking.

The latter half proved to be not too bad after the climb - this took a while but made for some nice views over Welshpool and led to a hilltop fort. As we were coming up on the top we met a lovely Belgian couple who were walking from Welshpool to Knighton and were caravanning the way with electric bikes - I didn't fully understand how they were doing this but they were great to chat to and encouraged us that the top was not too far. Indeed it wasn't and we took a well deserved break next to the hill fort, where I saw yet another kite. Now remaining was a lot of downhill, which really did not do my knees too well so we had to do this pretty slowly. After what felt like nonstop downhill we got back into the valley and made our way to the finish point of the day, the Green Dragon Inn. We arrived around half four and while the location was not too ideal (there was a train line maybe 3 meters from my tent), we had some lovely hospitality and a very delicious meal of vegetable lasagna and chips.

## Day 3: Buttington to Four Crosses (8 miles)

With the day ahead very short we had planned to set off fairly late, around 10 am. However my friend Charlie, who I was walking with, had a lot of phone calls (his car had been hit by a hit and run the day before) and so had a lot things to sort out. Luckily this was not a problem as we had nowhere to be and so we set off about half an hour later instead. As I had run out of lunch supplies the day before we stopped by some services at the north end of Welshpool before taking a little detour along the Montgomery Canal to get back to the Offa's Dyke path.

We soon realised the obstacle for today would be the heat in open fields and cows. Luckily the cows were fairly chilled out, but I was not taking any chances - they freak me out and I've heard too many horror stories. They seemed to have an annoying habit of crowding right around the gates we were supposed to go through, so at one point we climbed through a tree and some fences to escape them (though this wouldn't be the worst escape of the trip). The rest of the day went pretty smoothly, with us approaching Four Crosses fairly quickly. As we got into the village we decided to make a stop at the local shop to fetch some ice creams and we went and sat in the town centre and ate these, not much better can be had on a sunny day!

After this, we made the short walk to the campsite and spent the rest of the day relaxing. I read more of my book (Upton Sinclair's, The Jungle) and after a good while we set the tents up in the shade. I opted to not put the outer on again and as I was getting ready for bed Charlie came over and pointed out a hot air balloon. How cool I thought, then it just kept coming. I got kinda scared it was falling before realising that it was floating along directly on course to be right on top of my tent! It floated by maybe 5 meters above me and I could see the people onboard waving to me and hear them speaking. It was all quite bizarre and something I am sure will never happen to me again. After this I got the sleep for the last day to make sure I was well rested.

## Day 4: Four Crosses to Gobowen (13 miles)

I had originally planned to finish the day in Chirk - following the Offa's Dyke path - but this would have been 19 gruelling miles of walking in potentially 30 degree heat, really not ideal. Luckily I had already planned an alternate route here and we instead followed Wat's Dyke Way, a lesser known dyke and one which, interestingly, could not be dated to be before or after Offa's Dyke, but ran parallel to it and had the defenses facing the same way. This meant we had much less further to walk, which was very welcome as we wanted to avoid the worst of the heat. To aid with this we set off at 7 am, an early start but a very worthwhile choice as we had some much more amicable temperatures for most of the walking.

For the majority of the day we would be following the Montgomery Canal which, with the treeline following the towpath, made for some lovely shaded walking and lots of flora both in and around the canal. The Canal itself is actually not fully in use and is in different states of repair along it, with some completely unmaintained and was overgrown or drained where it looked like just a ditch, to new foundations being put in and some completely repaired sections. This variation made the canal interesting to walk along and see the restoration work being put in. I do find it funny that despite the name, the canal never actually went through the town of Montgomery. One section I particularly enjoyed was the aqueduct on the way to Llanymynech (see [here](https://www.flickr.com/photos/arg_flickr/46986814635)).

With the walking so easy going we covered the first 7 miles in about 2 hours, meaning we had a while to walk the last bit with variable paths, mainly the section from the Canal to Oswestry and then the path from Oswestry to Gobowen. As we made our way to Oswestry I noticed the paths start degrading - something I had feared might happen with the way being less significant and from past experience knowing these were not usually great. This started with a field edge that was not cut down very well, but it was mostly navigable through the edge of the crop line. Then came my worst fear; a patch that was completely unmaintained and chock a block with nettles, brambles and thistles. I started wading through assuming that it wouldn't be too bad and would subside soon, bad mistake. We fought through this maybe 500m length of plants, which would luckily be the last of it and Charlie subsequently jumped into the river to reduce the nettle stings. These were so bad I felt them still tingling the day afterward, very much a lesson in not just jumping through an overgrown field and taking diversions where needed.

Pretty soon after this we made it to Oswestry, a lovely town that I navigated surprisingly well with just my os map. We soon made it through to another hill fort on the outskirts of Oswestry. I climbed to the top of this to see if there was much I could see and while there were nice views there wasn't much atop of the hill, the main features was the earthwork on the hillsides. We soon got on our way to Gobowen realising that we could just make the train and not have to wait an hour there. This walking was going very smoothly, we managed the ascent with ease now, right til we met our mortal enemies - cows. Unfortunately these were much more curious and decided they wanted to block the exit. This field had two exits, so mistakenly thinking that the one not guarded by cows was the right one we went through and were promptly blocked out of going back in as the cows decided to crowd this gate. So we had to get a little creative and cross over to the road one over, which took a bit of a fight through some trees but eventually got us back on track. We soon afterwards arrived in Gobowen and finished our trip. I don't remember much of the remaining train journey, mainly I just sat there exhausted and when I got home I just slept most of the afternoon.

