---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week 20th of April
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/04/20
---

This week is another short one (I am charging up to write a long one next week, for which I have *plans*). Earlier in the week I saw an announcement for a new track by hit band "The Itch", which was premiering on BBC6. A similar thing had happened the previous week with band Ugly (who released the absolute banger [Next to Die](https://open.spotify.com/track/3k6iUhaXZKHQnnLqcGsNps?si=d10c2d2c820c4dfe)), so I thought hey why not listen along to find the song. I think every now and then the radio can be quite refreshing to listen to (even with the adverse reaction I got from Sof). It's nice to hear more outside of my circle of music and I find the way peoples voices come across through radio quite comforting for some reason.

They played [The Influencer](https://open.spotify.com/track/3RmfInL24wjZfWr6MNohKs?si=5c2d3b7376894ba2) about an hour into the show and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The synth is die for and I really like the way the Itch play with backing vocals in a way that sounds very much spoken, but fits with the more sung vocals over the top. The guitar being left at the end and the song finishing with the sound effect that was repeated throughout (which I love) feels great. It wraps the song up nicely and it feels like it's own whole thing, so imagine my surprise when I realise they have done a double release!

The second song in the double release is [Co-Conspirator](https://open.spotify.com/track/0E7wCSaSGza9HA7mQNVzvL?si=4b00c8706f694784). It takes the looping synths and sound effects from "The Influencer" and turns it up a notch. The piano is simple but catchy, the weird echoing vocals in the background are interesting and it has this sort of clubbing vibe (probably helped by the accompanying music video). It's a bit out the ordinary for me, but wow has it really caught me in its trap.

Song of the Week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0E7wCSaSGza9HA7mQNVzvL?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>
See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-11.html)!
