---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/03/15
---

This weekend I stayed in a quaint countryside town known as Chapel En Le Frith (despite what you might believe that is in fact not in France, but the Peaks) and next week I embark on a four day long distance walking journey. So I've decided this week to turn my attention to some songs that remind me of nature and greenery, this way you can sit down, close your eyes and imagine being there alongside me experiencing the wonderful British countryside. I've made a playlist, but I've selected a few from it to talk about here.

"And I felt like the sea" - Green Gardens

If you've seen my green gardens [t-shirt](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/0038893677_10.jpg) you might have thought it was some sort of nudist resort, well I'm here to confirm that is not the fact and they are actually a small indie-rock band hailing from Leeds. I think this band have a really inseparable link to the countryside for some reason, perhaps it was their music video for [Home in the Books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WZC6F2T-t8) (interesting viewing lol) I watched which was partially filmed in the countryside, or perhaps it's just the kind of vibes I get from their music. Either way I just can't help but picture green rolling hills, moorland or a serene riverbank when I listen to their music.

I like this song so much because you can listen to it in the background and let it be, it's very calming and also very evocative of the sort of calmness you feel from just being outside for a while.

"Storm To Pass" - Katy J Pearson

This was the song that sparked the idea for this week's song of the week. I think Katy has an interesting style which feels so calming which, particularly this song, evokes to mind a slow amble through soft grass with a warm breeze and the sun starting to set. I think the slow horns over the song and Katy's great vocals blend so well into this song that feels reflective and beautiful.

"Cowboy Nudes" - Geese

Ok, this is maybe not English countryside, but it really does feel like I'm outside and having a good time, sat round a campfire with good friends. The title kinda hits it on the nail to be honest, it really evokes a cowboy sort of feel in all. I really appreciate the funky vibe which really adds to the summery vibes.

Link to the playlist:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/0mKI7m2Pbyf6cMchGsqqrV?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

Song of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/42kvpWdntuKYw3LhfLp0pD?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>
See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-16.html)!

