---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week 20th of April
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/04/20
---

## 20/04/25

To quote someone's dad:

> RISE  
  RISE  
  Where's your anger?  
  Where's your fucking rage?  

If you haven't got it already I'm going to choose some songs that feel angry and feisty. This was precipitated by the fucking terrible day I had earlier in the week, mostly because of the terrible terrible media coverage of the supreme courts ruling, but also because my bank fucking sucks (go figure). Before we jump into some tracks, I'll outline what I look for in these types of song, mainly this is:
- Heavy drums
- Growling and loud guitar
- Screaming/Loud shouting lyrics (extra points for having lyrics I can *really* get behind)
- Distortion

I've introduced them before, but because this song felt extremely relevant to the current moment I have chosen Lambrini Girls' [Terf Wars](https://open.spotify.com/track/7aNvsOmhlc4V07PdT4YgtN?si=34991ad5697248cc) as my song of the week. When I went to a concert of theirs a couple weeks ago, I really couldn't have felt more at home. The room was full of trans people and alternative looking people. The main singer, Phoebe, really knew how to work the crowd and made sure people felt safe and included. I think the chants she did felt extremely cathartic and it really felt like a proper community. It was one of the first times I haven't felt so helpless about the state of the world in a long time.

Supporting Lambrini Girls at the concert was Alien Chicks, a band I had thoroughly enjoyed before seeing them live, but one I was very happy to see perform. I have chosen their song [Candlestick Maker](https://open.spotify.com/track/2a4u1DkUlDNRnkWBVQoeer?si=79161c7b32cd4d78) in particular because I love the scream/shout they include. It feels very satisfying to catch it in time and the instrumentation throughout the song feels heavy in the right way. The voice on the edge of screaming, the mish mash of instruments in kinda the best way and the best of it all cowbell (the holy grail in post punk bands imo).

The third band I want to focus on is Coach Party, with two of their songs [Micro Aggression](https://open.spotify.com/track/0AoVDlD4Da25HVGUpM0liK?si=74e312acccc14639) and [Parasite](https://open.spotify.com/track/4EDSWFoLE7TgCrl0Eol9dV?si=5b9c75272a5644e3). For Parasite, there is not much more to say than it fits all my required categories. It is unfortunately not too long, but I can forgive them because it really is just a scream filled song. In terms of Micro Aggression, it's just a classic indie rock kinda feel, with some added screams/shouts for fun, with a message I can (obviously) get behind - great! 

Less of a song recommendation, more of a whole fuck off album. The debut album by Model/Actriz, [Dogsbody](https://open.spotify.com/album/1DWLFwBZxTSBWw7G9uhpok?si=06PXTio5Qkuv6Rwmr5M10Q), has become my go to "put me in the mines" album. I turn my headphones right up, blast the songs out and can't have any other thoughts but work (maybe not the healthiest thing, but I do at least enjoy the music). It may not directly fit into the rage theme, but if I was already angry I could really channel it through this (~~probably to send like a slightly angry email~~).

Here's to hoping next week is more of a positive note - though I am still looking to channel my rage at the right people do not worry. See you next week!

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/7aNvsOmhlc4V07PdT4YgtN?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>

See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-09.html)!
