---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/07/16
---

I am someone who very much struggles to live in the moment and looks ahead a lot. This can be good sometimes because it means that I usually try to plan things out thoroughly and so am pretty prepared when it comes to holidays, etc. However it has its drawbacks, in that when I'm anticipating change that I'm really not looking forward to I tend to live through it multiple times before it even happens. Torturing myself in anticipation of events that may not even be as bad as I'm expecting them to be. This means that I have to remind myself to enjoy the moments while they last and not be living as if they've already ended. With that said I'll leave you with a song that brings me some sort of comfort and I've listened to it a fair amount recently.

The song starts slow and quiet, the double thump of the drums almost echoing a heartbeat. The gentle up and down of the guitar combine with the occasional hit of the tambourine to almost feeling like waves crashing on a beach. We have a sort of introduction verse, at which point the song speeds up and the drums come in properly and then we hear the chorus. I find the lyrics to be somewhat simple, but interesting to think about; they repeat "If you only feel it once, is it enough?".

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2FzhFGnQuETWxCD0kysRTH?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>
See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-20.html)!
