---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/06/23
---

This week I decided to pick back up my liked songs playlist. I try to put songs on there if they particularly mean something to me at the time I come across them. So it was an interesting hodgepodge of feelings listening back to the playlist. I've picked out a few that felt similar to what I was feeling this week or just wanted to talk about.

A couple songs from Flyte caught my eye, I think their folk indie vibe can be really emotional and they really lean into this. Their cover of [Archie, Marry me](https://open.spotify.com/track/0rcwROyUguj5RQa5pPKajI?si=7612b969c57e435d) from Alvvays is so different that I can listen to the cover and the original as songs in their own right. It was this song that got me into their music, with the long drawn out echoey vocals all on their own, joined later by backing vocals and then finally synths that feel almost organ like, it's really beautiful.

I think with Flyte I relate less with the lyrics, but kinda of wallow about in their sound and absorb the emotions and feelings they emanate. I've saved [Faithless](https://open.spotify.com/track/2zElUqN4ITr3sU2AliHuyK?si=f218a3cbaa1745d8) and [I've Got a Girl](https://open.spotify.com/track/3ySqbiPCsnKAL6BCq4aOrD?si=57ab538307054835), the latter coming form their album "This is Really Going to Hurt", a really tragic and depressing album, about the singer falling out of a relationship. This isn't something I relate to loads, but you can feel the amount of emotion poured into this song and others on this album.


Another song that caught my eye was [Golden Dream](https://open.spotify.com/track/57tFTt7bkxQ1vvaPy1kgSF?si=55b8a56b9eb7463a), a song which I'm not too sure about the lyrics. For me they are there to sing along to and feel the song along to. Mainly I think the ending is why I liked the song in the first place, the little build up to the elongated singing of "stupid, stupid, stupid me, me, me, me". It's simple, but it's raw and it feels, a lot.

The last song, and the song of the week is [Sinking Feeling](https://open.spotify.com/track/0fuaSbG0dUdtfKCKQWCA3s?si=91b7aad1133b4ba3). Unlike the other songs I've picked I think I relate to the lyrics of this one almost too much. I think hearing it when I was only a year older than that mentioned in the song ("I'm only nineteen, already burned out") it really hit. I think there's some sort of expectation to have everything together all the time and it seems ridiculous to write it down, but it's nice to know that I'm not alone in this feeling. Overall, I think it's really a cathartic song to just hear some of your fears sang by someone else, it makes you feel a lot less alone. I chose this song because everything is feeling kinda up in the air right now and it's stressing me out a lot. I'm not sure exactly what "sinking feeling" Chloe is describing, but a strong pit in the stomach certainly feels something like what I would say is a sinking feeling.

Song of the Week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0fuaSbG0dUdtfKCKQWCA3s?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>
See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-17.html)!
