---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/03/24
---

## 24/03/25

Apologies all for the delayed song of the week - I literally did not sleep yesterday (see: [FLOORPLAN](https://devpost.com/software/floorplan)) so I hope you can appreciate the situation.

Earlier this week I rediscovered the youtube channel of the independent music house State 51 conspiracy. They host small bands and upload recordings of their performances, really cool stuff right? Anyway, I got to watching a lot of the recent stuff, the main highlight being [Getdown Services](https://youtu.be/6HwclLOAe5Y?si=kODPtXeOXtH5pIFi) - the remix of Dancing Queen is quite something! All this reminded me of one of the craziest recordings I had seen - that being of [Tapir!](https://youtu.be/6cNaMVvBrXA?si=cTqwmglQ3sz2Dml6), the set features not only costume theming and set design, but a whole ass set of dancers, so much effort. The first song "Act 1 (The Pilgrim)" is so playful and light one of my favourite parts is just how satisfying and carefree the whistling sounds. The song of the week comes from the album that this song belongs to "The Pilgrim, Their God and The King of My Decrepit Mountain" an interesting mish mash of many different sounds. Cello, trumpet, guitar, drums, keyboard and chorus mix together to make beautiful and truly unique songs. The song of the week plays on Erik Satie's Gymnopédies, one of my favourite classical songs, taking some of the melodies, but also fleshing it out into it's own thing entirely. It's a really interesting take on the song and I cannot recommend it enough.

Aside from this I've been enjoying Divorce's debut album "Drive to Goldenhammer", an album that I regret not mentioning in previews weeks. From "Jet Show" to "Hangman" to and finally to "Mercy", this album really does not miss. I'm so so impressed with the quality that this band puts out and really can't wait to see what they put out next. My favourite song from the album is [Old Broken String](https://open.spotify.com/track/106QxLbImPeGaatF3TecJf?si=1ac9d5f87ec840ff), when I first listened to it I was eating breakfast and idly staring out the window. The song has a slow drum beat and strings, with a beautiful duet and in this first listen just felt like it just enveloped me inside of it.

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2nG9BddUCV1MsPnmQ5U00f?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>
See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-05.html)!
