---
layout: page
title: Song of the Week
permalink: /media/song-archive/25/04/27
---

## 27/04/25

I don't have a lot to write this week mainly because I'm really tired. Therefore I'm gonna do a small deep-dive on a band I've been discovering lately.

The band BODEGA have always been on just the outside of my listening circle. I've heard their ever popular "Statuette on the Console", a song I'm not too bothered by, it feels quite generic and not that exciting, but it's an ok listen. For this reason I never really bothered to look into their stuff too much more, a bit of a shame, but arguably not my fault as such.

My recent discovery comes completely separate from Statuette on the Console, in the form of the song [Doers](https://open.spotify.com/track/2L0FeqfIAs0Cc6x2sLfsCh?si=7e61331a37584898). This song really got me hooked and was the song that got me to listen to more of BODEGA's stuff. I really like the bassline and the special attention to different details in the background with all the different sound effects, especially the echoing of doers (do-do-do-do-doerrrs). I think my favourite part is the 'planning part' particularly the "10 minutes - planning my next 10 minutes". It seems so silly but damn could I imagine this being a real thing.

The next song on the album, [Territorial Call of the Female](https://open.spotify.com/track/72KVDc2IbRHukPqJ9CzKTX?si=0ac07d36fec0463b), is also a great song. The bass is fun, the repeating bird call in the background is a unique and fitting choice and the repetitive lyrics with weird pronunciation I find really interesting. It really gives me a sort of oscillating feeling, the enunciation of words adding to this vibe. I'm not sure why it feels kind of familiar, but I like it.

The song of the week is purely vibes based, mainly because I just find the lyrics so satisfying. I mean if you really think about ATMs they are weird right?

> STICK IN PLASTIC, TYPE IN CODE,   
  TAKE WHAT I WANT FROM YOU AND HIT THE ROAD,   
  IF YOU GET WHAT YOU WANT, YOU'LL PAY A FEE,   
  TOUCHING BUTTONS NEVER FREE

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/4jkJUXrUF5t0jDFDOjOybf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<br>

See my friend Sof's song of the week [here](https://deltzabar.github.io/song-of-the-week/songs-10.html)!
