## 31/03/25

The time since last week has practically flown by and so I would normally be in a panic right about now trying to select a song to share. However this week a saviour (foreshadowing) has come in the form of Youth Sector's new single. Usually I try to pick a song other than one I have just been listening to loads, particularly one that feels relevant to the time or one that I feel is really worth sharing. But this single is such a brainworm that I literally cannot stop playing it, I mean hell I walked home with the song on repeat for like 20 minutes. I've listened to it 26 times in the last 5 days, that might not sound like loads, but for someone whose top song last year was streamed 76 times in a year, that is *a lot*.

It's very much well deserved too, I have really missed Youth Sector since their last EP release basically two years ago now (there have been a couple singles in-between tbf). I first saw them at Live at Leeds in my beloved Brudenell way back in 2021. The room was unfortunately not very full, but boy did they know their place, the bass was incredible, the synth player had great moves and the main singer was a great performer. This is all before you consider their custom tailored suits, fit with yellow shirts and embroiled jackets - [just incredible](https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5bb4859977b9034f3f47cdac/5fb97da5-f1e8-4e3f-b03f-36f63668c2c0/Youth-Sector---Film-14.jpg). I then saw then again a year later also at Live at Leeds, this time in Hyde Park Book Clubs basement room - quite the underground vibe (pun intended!). This time the room did fill up and the vibe was brilliant, they had released their EP "Adult Contemporary" earlier in the year and those songs hit so hard live.

I think as a band it's very hard to fault them, even their back catalogue is great and I really enjoy their mix of both playful and politically meaningful lyrics. [A Definitive Guide to Easy Living](https://open.spotify.com/track/6ZZdTbemp6zOy5nTR04Tdb?si=3c5d233cc6c14b85) talks about anti-homeless architecture, joking that a park bench is an "apartment", or [Is Blood](https://open.spotify.com/track/0H3BbpclhUbW0r2HaXfB28?si=a8335ebe83414dae) which brings into question the ethics of things you buy and actions you make. Just recently they announced their debut album, which I very keenly looking forward to! Until then, I really do recommend you check them out (especially their new song, which I *will* be listening to again after I post this).

The track of the week:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/1Bw0ADrxOEWobcvCpHUrD2?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
